---
layout: post
title: Week 5
---

**What did you do this past week?**

	This past week consisted of finishing up Project #2 with my group. Our different skillsets allowed us to focus on different aspects of the project and all be equally productive. Off the bat, we started using React, Webpack, Python, and Flask which will make future iterations of the project easier to implement since a lot of the base work is already complete. I had a watch party for the Texas vs. Iowa state game with my bible study group and a few friends and thankfully we won our second game. This past Saturday I ran Tough Mudder, a 11.5 mile course with 22 obstacles scattered throughout it, with my brother. Although that sounds terrible to most people, it was a great time. Plus, they handed you a free beer afterwards which made crossing the finish line that much better.


**What's in your way?**

	An Algorithms test this upcoming week will take a lot of my time from other classes, but thankfully its a light week regarding my other classes which will give me more time to study and prepare sufficiently. Other than that, the workload isnt too heavy. 


**What will you do next week?**

	I will do Algorithms. The Algorithms test this upcoming week is going to be very challenging, so i will need to study quite a bit for that. Also, we play Kansas State at home in football next Saturday, so looking forward to that will get me through the week. 


**What's my experience of the class?**

	So far, this class has been very similar to OOP, which has made it easier to understand some of the concepts, such as map, reduce, and iterators. I do enjoy getting to focus on the fine grain details of python since I've never touched the language until this class. A lot of these details I probably wouldn't have ever noticed until hours of banging my head on a wall trying to understand why something "wierd" was happening. 

**What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?**

	Don't Cram. It takes several days of repeated studying for information to solidify in someones mind. Memory recall is one of the best ways to study (There have been studies that have shown this). Therefore trying to recall what you have learned the previous day and adding onto this successively, day after day helps you to retain informatin and makes one more conident for a test.

