---
layout: post
title: Week 12
---

**What did you do this past week?**

This past week I had an algorithms test which I think went really well and a few other
minor assignments. I really tried to finish up all of my work before Thanksgiving break
so that could spend time with my family.

**What's in your way?**

Thankfully Thanksgiving is in my way. Other than that I don't have much to do on Monday
or Tuesday before break which brings me a sign of relief just thinking about that. Although
I know I have a lot to do after break, I am going to take some time to spend time with my
family who I don't get to see all that much due to school. 


**What will you do next week?**

I am looking forward to spending time with my family over Thanksgiving break.
I can't wait to finally get a good nights rest and to eat way too much food made by
my mom and grandmother. Also, looking forward to watching Texas Football with my family
and all of the games on the following Saturday.

**What's my experience of the class?**

It has been a long semester with a lot of work, but I truly have learned a lot of
material that I consider useful. It feels like in some classes that the information
taught just isn't useful or just isn't taught in a way that will help us in our careers
after school, but this class is not one of those classes. All or at least most
of the information taught by Professor Downing is being taught for a reason and its
meant to help you do well in your interviews, internships, or future jobs.

**What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?**

Spend time with your family over Thanksgiving break. I know at times its really easy to want to
over prepare for finals over the break since they can be so stressful, but don't overwork yourself and
spend some quality time with those who you don't get to see all that often.
