---
layout: post
title: Week 6
---

**What did you do this past week?**

I studied for my upcoming exams and did work on a few projects that are due early next week. I started to research React and Webpack in order to prepare for the next phase of our GameDayBallers.me project. I continued to study for each and every quiz for this class. I attended the UT football game this pack weekend and got to see my family which I hadn't seen in a few weeks 



**What's in your way?**

The Next phase of the project is going to be much tougher than the last due to having to use React, Webpack, and Flask, tools that I haven't had much experience with. Due to this, I need to continue putting in extra time researching both of these tools so that the next phase will go smoothy.



**What will you do next week?**

Next week I have a few tests which I will continue studying for and I will continue research React in order to prepare for the next phase of our GameDayBallers.me project. I need to continue balancing my time in order to handle the workload of each class instead of focusing too much time on specific classes.



**What's my experience of the class?**

I have enjoyed getting to research tools such as react, webpack, and flask that I have never used before. I've never done a lot of web development so these new tools along with javascript (Specifically the ES6 version) have been extremely interesting to learn and get my hands onto.


**What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?**

Don't overexert yourself. Know how much sleep you need in order to function well during the day and try to cut yourself off each and every night so that you can be prepared for the following day.
