---
layout: post
title: Week 4
---

**What did you do this past week?**

This past week consisted of catching up on work I missed due to interviews and football away trips. I've caught up for the most part with a few minor things still to do. 


**What's in your way?**

  The IMDB Project #1 is due this Thursday which represents a major hurdle especially since most of the technologies are new and I'm unfamiliar with them. Coordinating Schedules with 5 people with extremely different school schedules will be challenging, but not impossible. Balancing Work between classes when large projects are assigned is always difficult, but over time I've become used to this so its not really a major hurdle.


**What will you do next week?**

  This week will consist of working on and completing IMDB Project #1  with the rest of my group members. Coordinating all of our busy schedules will be a challenge, but I think we will be able to divide certain aspects of the project up so that we don't always have to be together to work on it. The Texas vs. Iowa State game is this coming Thursday and my roommates and I will be having  watch party at our house. I'm looking forward to see hopefully seeing our team rebound after losing to USC. Hopefully, Texas football doesn't disappoint like they have consistently done year after year since 2009.


**What's my experience of the class?**

  As I stated last week, I still haven't run into any surprises while taking this class simply because I have taken Professor Downing's Object Oriented Programming class which closely resembles this class. Having a project that requires complete outside learning of the material and having to coordinate 5 peoples schedules is challenging but definitely not unreasonable to manage.


**What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?**

  Breaking up long periods of work with working out, grabbing lunch with friends, or simply going for a walk really help you to stay motivated and help to break up the monotony of sitting for long periods. For me, I seem to get more work done by spending less time working simply because I come back with a renewed since of motivation and have had time to digest whatever problem I was working on before I took a break.
