---
layout: post
title: Week 8
---

**What did you do this past week?**

  This past week was a very busy week that consisted of flying to Seattle and interviewing with Microsoft on Monday, planning and meeting up with my bible study group for the first time this semester on Thursday, and then flying up to Los Angeles on Friday to see Texas play USC in football. 


**What's in your way?**

  Trying to catch up in all my classes while maintaining what is currently being taught is really the major obstacle presenting itself. It all honestly though this can resolved simply by putting in the hours to rewatch class lectures and reading notes that professors have posted to ensure I understand what was taught while I was gone.


**What will you do next week?**

  This week will consist catching up on makeup work and looking into forming groups for the upcoming Web based project in this class. My other classes are relatively slow still so I don't see this week being overwhelmingly busy.


**What's my experience of the class?**

  I havent run into any surprises while taking this class simply because I have taken Professor Downing's Object Oriented Programming class which closely resembles this class. It's always interesting to dig into the nuances of different programming languages which Professor Downing has done extremely well as he's taught us python so far in the semester. I personally enjoy the readability of the notes he goes over in class and the fact that he posts all of them online for later reading.


**What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?**

  If you are planning on going out of town for interviews, football games, or other reasons, try to plan ahead and get ahead so that you don't have to catch up on quite as much when you return. I made the mistake of not accomplishing as much as I should have beforehand and I know it will cause some extremely late nights for me this week. In the past I wasn't really big on planning, but now that I have more on my plate as of late I've realized that planning definitely makes school much more managable especially if you're involved with extracurriculars.
