---
layout: post
title: Week 11
---

**What did you do this past week?**

Our project team finished up the next iteration of the project (IDB3) and were able
to meet all of the requirements. Thankfully implementing search wasn't near as difficult
as we first though it was going to be.

**What's in your way?**

I have an algorithms Test this coming Tuesday which will probably be extremely difficult.
With this being said though, I think I am as prepared as I possibly could be so hopefully
I am able to do well on it. After my algorithms Test I have a few other minor assignments to finish up
and then I can look forward to Thanksgiving.


**What will you do next week?**

I will study for and take my algorithms Test on Tuesday, finish up a few other minor assignments, and then coast until Thanksgiving break. Thankfully since this isn't too bad of a week in terms of school work and Tests, I can catch up on sleep.

**What's my experience of the class?**

There are a diverse range of topics taught which at times can feel overwhelming, but
I have learned lots of practical knowledge that will help me in my career going forward.
This class is heavy on teaching useful/practical knowledge that you could use in your
job or career after college.

**What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?**

Take care of yourself during finals. It's very easy to get so consumed with work and studying as finals approach
that you stop taking care of yourself in terms of eating right and sleeping enough each night. This can have a snowball effect on you  making it harder to complete complete homework assignments and harder to study as finals progress. 
