---
layout: post
title: Week 7
---

**What did you do this past week?**

I studied for and took a few exams and did work on a few projects that were due. I continued researching React and Webpack. I continued to study for each and every quiz for this class. Once again, I attended the UT football game this pack weekend and got to see my family since my brother and my Dad are alumni and have Season tickets.

**What's in your way?**

The Snext phase of the project in this class is the next big obstacle in my way. With the test being over with, I will be focusing on working on the project. I mainly work on the front-end since I've had react experience in the past and need to continue converting our project to full react. 

**What will you do next week?**

I will continue to study and prepare for the first exam on Thursday. I think I have a pretty good understanding of most of the material, but I am still confused by certain parts of the information that will show up on the exam. Therefore, I need to focus on those areas where I am weak while continuing to keep up with my other classes.


**What's my experience of the class?**

There is a lot to keep up with, but at the same time you learn a lot of different things whether it be javascript, react, the python language, or other things. It's really exposed me to areas that I've never been exposed to which I have really enjoyed

**What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?**

Don't Cram. When preparing for tests, study each and every night a week before the exam so that the material sticks in your brain. When cramming, the material tends to quickly leave ones head or you're only able to retain bits and pieces.
