---
layout: post
title: Final Entry
---

**Overall experience in SWE**

I don't know what you've heard about Software Engineering with Professor Downing,
but from a personal experience I can tell you that Professor Downing is a great professor
who you'll learn a great deal from. In class, I learned a great deal about Python, SQL,
and Design patterns. By doing the group project, I learned a great deal about Web development
technologies such as React, Webpack, RESTful API's, and Python + Flask along with many others.
I enjoyed working in a group of 5 and learn a great deal from the project as a whole and from my fellow group members. I liked being able to pick my group members since it allowed us to pick those who had schedules that would work with our own.

I think the class material that was taught was structured well, but I wish we could have has a unit on react and
why it's currently the latest hotness in web development. I think the SQL portion of the class could have been replaced with a mini unit on React + Javascript which would have directly helped us with our projects. I also think at times the project descriptions were a little vague and could have been refined slightly. Most of these questions were answered on piazza, but it would have sped up development if these questions were already answered on the website.

Take this class. It's a lot of work, but overall it isn't that bad if you put in the necessary time and effort. Don't be scared of having to learn a great deal on your own. React and Flask aren't too hard to pick up without formal instruction and you'll have plenty others who are going through the same problems you are. You will learn a great deal about the latest and greatest of web technologies and have a comprehensive knowledge of full-stack development.
