---
layout: post
title: Week 10
---

**What did you do this past week?**

I worked on implementing search into our project on the front-end side of things. I also had a few assignments
for other classes due last week that were time consuming, but thankfully I was able to complete them. 

**What's in your way?**

Search functionality on our website is a rather large hurdle since none of my group has
experience doing anything similar to this in prior classes or personal projects. Also, there have been
a few bugs present in our project that we've put off that need to be fixed before the next release.

**What will you do next week?**

This next week I will be implementing search functionality along with refining filtering, sorting, and pagination. There are a few bugs left that our team needs to iron out before the next release, but thankfully
we have plenty of time to do so



**What's my experience of the class?**

I've learned a lot in this class because of the split nature between lecture and what
is required of us in the projects. Although it can be overwhelming at times, if you put in the
necessary time it is very doable.



**What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?**

If you're looking for a multipurpose test editor on Windows, OSX, or Linux then I highly suggest Atom.
For those of you who use Sublime Text, you'll be very comfortable switching over to Atom.
Atom was created by the company that made Github has has many open source packages that allow you to
customize the editor with themes or add additional functionality.
