---
layout: post
title: Week 8
---

**What did you do this past week?**

With IDB2 being due this week, I continued to research React design principles so that I could build our react with a solid foundation that would allowing future work to be easier and less time consuming

**What's in your way?**

IDB2 is my main concern this week. Converting everything to react and switching over to react-bootstrap will be a time consuming and lengthy process, but I am looking forward to seeing the direct comparison between a react project and one consisting of solely HTML/CSS. I am looking forward to seeing react's advantages since I've heard so much about it.


**What will you do next week?**

Since I work on front-end and Converting everything to react and switching over to react-bootstrap will be a time consuming and lengthy process, but I am looking forward to seeing the direct comparison between a react project and one consisting of solely HTML/CSS. I am looking forward to seeing react's advantages since I've heard so much about it.


**What's my experience of the class?**

Learning react has been an interesting experience. At first I was hesitant about combining javascript and HTML and thought it would become convoluted, but the more I use JSX (facebooks templating language that combines the two languages) the more I see the usefulness of it.

**What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?**

The Facebook created npm package 'create-react-app' makes creating a react project much simpler than creating one on your own. There are many libraries that you have to configure to get react along with JSX working and 'create-react-app' does this for you. It also makes webpack work from behind the scenes without any need to mess with it when adding new libraries.
